Add release notes for 1.14 Ulm (#599)
kyma-project/website: content/blog-posts/2020-06-30-release-notes-1.14/index.md

### Error handling in the Director

From now on, the Director's GraphQL API handles errors gracefully, with more descriptive error messages. Using error extensions, we provide machine-readable error codes every time something goes wrong. For specific error types, read about [error handling in the Director](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/compass/blob/master/docs/director/03-error-handling.md).

## Console

### Improved view with Namespace details

With 1.14, we made the first steps toward changing the rather empty view with Namespace details into a dashboard. It shows you nice pie charts indicating the health status of Pods and Deployments in a given Namespace. We are planning more features for this view in the future, so stay tuned.

![Detailed Namespace view](./details-view.png)

### Console is no longer a core module

Console UI was moved together with its backend API out of the `core` chart to its own `console` chart. It means it is no longer considered a core module. It is still installed by default, but you can (un)install the Console UI according to your preferences.  

## Eventing

### Eventing charts compatible with Helm 3

> The Eventing component and all of its charts (`knative-eventing`, `event-sources`, `knative-eventing-kafka`, `nats-streaming`, and `knative-provisioner-nats`) are now Helm 3-compatible and can be installed independently as a standalone `kyma-eventing` cluster. We also made sure that all Eventing charts are uninstalled smoothly and all related custom resources are cleaned up. To uninstall the Eventing component, simply run `helm delete {EVENTING_CHART_NAME}`.

Reviewer: The migration was a pre-requisite in order to have the kyma operator working with helm 3. That was done for all charts. We could just mention that in the kyma operator topic.
If you think it is important to mention the standalone installation, maybe have this in the headline and motivate that aspect more?

Author: @anishj0shi is it ok for you if I remove that section from RN?

> The Eventing component and all of its charts (`knative-eventing`, `event-sources`, `knative-eventing-kafka`, `nats-streaming`, and `knative-provisioner-nats`) are now Helm 3-compatible and can be installed independently as a standalone `kyma-eventing` cluster. We also made sure that all Eventing charts are uninstalled smoothly and all related custom resources are cleaned up. To uninstall the Eventing component, simply run `helm delete {EVENTING_CHART_NAME}`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As All the Kyma Charts are now compatible with Helm3, eventing charts are no different. Along with being compliant with Helm3 now eventing charts also supports uninstallation and parallel installation. With uninstallation we clean up all the eventing Custom Resources and their corresponding control plane components to give your cluster back in its original state. To uninstall the Eventing component, simply run `helm delete {EVENTING_CHART_NAME}`. With Parallel Installation All the eventing charts (`knative-eventing`, `event-sources`, `knative-eventing-kafka`, `nats-streaming`, and `knative-provisioner-nats`) can be installed concurrently, we deliver out of the box resiliency for installation in order to have a healthy eventing system installed on your cluster.
```

Reviewer 2: @kazydek I've updated the release notes.
